>> Bianca Gandolfo: So you brought
up the the linear versus nonlinear.
This is a thought experiment, okay?
So in these data structures and
algorithms classes,
it's easy just to take what I say and
then just try to memorize,
especially with time complexity, people
don't want to actually think about it.
They just want to be like, merge sort and
log in, without actually deeply
understanding what that means.
And I'm going to challenge
you to not do that.
And so I'm going to stop, and
we're gonna have these discussions on,
what if our chat bot here, Mr. Breakfast
bot, was a linear data structure?
Is that possible?
What would that look like?
And I think I just want to give you,
does everyone have pen and paper?
I think it's a good time,
if you have pen and
paper, to kinda brainstorm,
how, if we can,
how can we model our chatbot
to be a linear data structure?